hi I'm Bassmaster Elite Series Pro
Michael Simonton and I've partnered with
the good folks at Jan's net craft to
bring you a series of instructional
videos in our first installment we're
gonna discuss building your own spinner
bait so now let's get started on
building our own spinner bait first
thing you're gonna need is a spinnerbait
body
Jan's net Karev sells a spinner bait kit
it comes with spinner bait bodies that
are already painted or you can make your
own spinner of a body and paint herself
in this video we're gonna use the jambs
net craft bodies that are already
painted first thing you want to do is
get one single bead slide it on the wire
all the way down to the bend
next thing you don't want to do let's
grab a clevis slide one side the clevis
on where the other side is open it's
important because that's where your
small blades gonna go on small blades
should go on with the cave side out
that's important because that when the
water hits it it's gonna get the blade
to spin you put it on this way the
water's gonna hit it and it's not going
to get the blade to spin so with the
cave side out test the other side of the
clevis and slide down
now by adding three or four more beads
you can add spacing between your first
blade and your last blade which we'll
get to in a second there's one
- right now to review what we have we
have one bead clevis with a small blade
and our three spacer blades now by
grabbing a ball bearing swivel we're
going to test that to our larger blade
to make things easier I'm gonna use a
pair of split ring pliers I'm going to
open up my split ring
attach it to the will weekly
twist around til it's secure now the
blade can come off okay now I'm gonna
need my round Ben pliers romba umpires
is make a nice even Bend on your wire
the test the split ring that's on the
swivel and we wear my pair of pliers and
close it now the blade can't come off
now it's time to add our skirt you
notice this spinnerbait is a chartreuse
head and I like to match my skirt with
that okay this is a breather skirt and
you get it looks like this I turn it
upside down get all nice and even here
look through the hook slide it onto the
shank of the spinnerbait it's as simple
as that few parts a little bit of your
time you have your own spinnerbait all
the parts and tools used in this video
are available at Jan's neck ref comm or
you can contact us at one eight hundred
neck wrap for your free parts catalogue